When I began this project, I knew I wanted to head down the route of a web portfolio. As a senior looking to graduate in the spring, I thought this could be a fantastic way of organizing my work! Over the course of developing this portfolio, I confronted a few notable issues that tested both my design knowledge and my HTML skills.

One issue was finding out how to effectively present my work. With my audience being hiring managers and employers, I wanted my experience to shine through and make it clear how I wanted them to navigate my website. I had so many different types of media that I wanted to exhibit, so I needed to find a way to organize them intuitively. In the end, I decided to add a navigation bar to my website that broke my work into three areas: graphic design, sound editing, and video editing. The website would open to an “about me” homepage from which users could navigate to these different skill areas. We had discussed how to link to different HTML pages in class, but I lacked the knowledge on how to code the CSS in a way that made the navigation bar appear horizontal at the top of the website. Using Google, I researched how to achieve this and added it to my CSS. I used the code "display: inline" and centered it to get the results I wanted!

One major technical issue I encountered was getting my video to appear on the video editing page of my website. The video file was too big to upload to GitHub, so it wouldn’t be downloaded with the rest of my project and would not appear on the page. After talking this issue through with Professor Flynn, I decided to upload the video to my YouTube channel as unlisted, linking to it in my code. It now functions perfectly without any issue!

Overall, my main roadblock was creating a navigation system that made sense. I had to choose what I wanted on display and used this to segment my website. Since my goal was to show off my different skill areas to potential employers, a navigation bar that linked to different skill-related pages made the most sense. While I also encountered many challenged with HTML and CSS, I used knowledge from class, the internet, and Professor Flynn to work through these issues!
